
## Token Meet Subscription Smart Contract

To make Token Meet a viable application capable of growth it must offer users the ability to pay their way. For around $3.00 USD per month they will be given access to the video meet rooms across the board, limited only by additional token requirements per-room. 

The token smart contract is a token that allows either the original depositor, ie the subscriber, or the token platform to draw funds from the smart contract. It shall require that additional funds be sent into an identical script smart contract of the subsequent transaction. That way the state may be maintained as the subscription remains valid. The subscription service itself may only spend the satoshis in an exact quantity and only after a certain period of time such as once per day, week or month. Therefore it allows for the subscribers to lock away funds into a contract that is both segregated from the rest of their finances, yet simultaneously available to be accessed by the subscription platform. This subscription smart contract shall be written with the requirements:

1) Funds locked away can be accessed X bits per Y period
2) Funds can only be unlocked onced
3) Subscriber may unlock all funds at any time
4) Subscriber may not unlock funds for prorated period
5) Service Provider may unlock only a specified amount after a specified time
6) Service Provider must re-lock all remaining coins ina new stateful contract transaction
7) Service Provider may unlock to send remaining funds to subscriber
8) The public must clearly understand the state of the subscription
9) State metadata about subscription should be included directly in the smart contract script
10) State metadata about the subscription status should persist across transactions

Every typescript developer with powco shall become capably practiced at running, deploying, and executing bitcoin smart contracts with scrypt-ts. For the token meet live subscription token they will ensure full typescript documentation is generated by typedoc and hosted on a web site or uploaded onchain. Developers shall ensure that jest tests run to exercise all of the test cases as described in a high level in the previous section of this article. The contract shall be thorougly tested every time it runs a new commit. The developer shall ensure their contract is built, tested on Circle CI or Github actions and automatically tagged by commitizen using semantic-release, published as a library package on npm, and deployed to the blockchain live. With the library, which shall also contain auto-generated documentation, they shall also provide a command line tooling for interacting with instances of the subscription smart contract. The command line tool shall be built using oclif cli app toolchain and will provide additional methods from the library such as accessing the history of all subscriptions or the state of a single subscription. The command line program shall also be mirrored by a simple graphql or rest or rpc, either way a json over http api to access those methods so that other services may interact at a high level with the subscription service. The structures for these APIs shall all be described using Open API format and automatically hosted on the documentation website. Typescript typings shall be exported for all classes and methods and constants. Finally all of the components and concepts shall be described in their own marketing and docs site using the react marketing site template used for other products such as walletbot. That way developers also learn how to make marketing sites for each smart contract or on chain application.